README: update release frequency (#12622)
mpv-player/mpv: README.md

## Release cycle

> Once or twice a year, an arbitrary git snapshot is made, and is assigned a
> 0.X.0 version number. No further maintenance is done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once or twice a year, a release is cut from the current development state
and is assigned a 0.X.0 version number. No further maintenance is done,
except in the event of security issues.
```

The goal of releases is to make Linux distributions happy. Linux distributions

> are also expected to apply their own patches in case of bugs and security

Reviewer: and then the following here:
```
are also expected to apply their own patches in case of bugs.
```
